in seven spectacular seasons our first
guest has thrown a kid out a window he
killed his cousin he did it with his
twin sister lie a lot of times and yet
somehow we're still rooting for him the
eighth and final season of Game of
Thrones premiers Sunday night on HBO
please welcome the Kingslayer Nikolaj
coster-waldau
[Music]
[Applause]
they told me he was sick hey I am sick
that's right I'm you did we did the
smart thing did you get to keep Jaime
Lannister's hand because you're done
shooting didn't know and that was the
one thing I wanted but you know the
success of the show I think it's
probably touring the world in some
exhibition now really just waving and
parades waving honors oh yeah do you
think maybe that you'll get it one day
when the exhibitions are done you would
hope so I don't think so
you know what's gonna happen you're
gonna be online and you're gonna see
there's gonna be some auction no likes
and you're busy it's gonna be up for
sale for like $3,800 you never like why
didn't they give that no well that's why
yeah that's why they wanted their $3,800
yeah I hope you do get that I hope
someone tracks it down and gives it to
you would be nice when so Sunday is I
feel kind of weirdly like sad about I'm
very excited about Sunday but I'm also
sad that it's almost over
ya know I'm the same is this weird but
it makes sense for you because you're in
the show and I'm not you know I think
you read a really good book yeah so you
get to the last ten pages and you're
like I'm gonna wait til tomorrow
yeah you know the moment you finish it
just sucks once it's over it's over it's
over and that's it and then what are we
gonna do on Sundays yeah you have a life
go to church no lives are overrated do
you go online and read any of the
theories that people have about what is
gonna happen in the Phenom have I've
read a few yeah it's interesting you
know what's you know the finale right I
know I ya know I've known since well
since June last year yeah you have well
since two years ago yeah it's been a
long time now how did you first find out
about it what was how did it work well
we got the script on well first you have
to download an app because now of course
you can get paper anymore so we got an
app and then the scripts came and then
when you've finished them they would
know it disappear really yeah like so
you learned like the end on snapchat
basic basically
synchronize is that why I have called
yeah and then you have to do you dislike
learning your lines from tablet I
dislike it yeah yeah no I like to make
notes and stuff and also that weird
thing now I have all the other scripts
all the other seasons we don't have the
scripts for season 8 they don't exist I
see as little this makes no sense
because you could just screenshot the
whole thing and then print out your hand
you can you're here oh there's something
you can't do that I bet I could I bet
you can yeah I mean I guess you could
take pictures they knew they were deal
with that so the fan theories I
collected some of them these are real
theory okay from people online and since
you know I am well I will study your
reaction absolutely
I know you can't say what's gonna help
but I mean I'm a terrible liar so you
might okay this might be it Jaime
Lannister will kill his sister Cersei
that's a theory mm-hmm okay that makes
sense though if you think about it if ya
in a lot of ways sure next one
Arya Arya will use Jamie's face to kill
sir I think that would be cool with that
we would think it was Jamie doing
everything would turn out to be Arya
Stark who done it no that would be good
too well because Jon Snow becomes the
night King how I guess he gets killed by
one of them to make him King Daenerys
will transform into an actual dragon she
will become a dragon that yeah okay this
Starks are descended from the White
Walkers many believe that to be the case
okay
bran Stark is the night king many
believe bran is will you
gave a nice little show about the window
as I recall well think about it this way
mm-hmm
what would the show be without that
different I guess a little bit wouldn't
have the great we wouldn't have hold or
hold the door I mean you know there were
a lot of things missing but maybe we'd
have other styles true one more theory
fan oh snaps his fingers and the Starks
turn into dust that's I think that's
last night's show
oh that's the wrong game yeah I think
that is the Avengers I'm thinking up
here have you read any that there's I
mean there is one which I you know
there's a theory of this SSO uh hi
like the chosen one who will come back
and save the day the chosen one yes the
chosen one and I think everybody thinks
it's Jon Snow and but there's also this
thing about a guy called Bielsa well
which is which is a guy who comes and
magically transform this world of for
the good so he will when everything is
lost he will come and turn up north
he will magically transform the north
into this beautiful peridot Oh everyone
will be so mad if that happened if that
if somebody that's the equivalent of it
was all a dream
it will okay everything now everything's
good bang everybody says and be Elsa we
trust in being could we all say that NP
else awake truck is this Beelzebub you
know it's it no it's it's BL so the
manager of Leeds United thank you
[Applause]
while some Americans we don't know any
of this so whatever leaves united's
appreciate have you read any that you
say oh that's correct
oh yeah if some oh yeah but I've never
read anyone who got the whole thing
who got the whole thing yeah and and
when I read it the first time I was like
I was blown away I wrote the book dan
and David the two creators and I was
like I really I don't know how you did
it but I can't imagine a better way of
ending the show really oh it's that
satisfying it is Wow sad it's fine yeah
yeah that's good to hear though I you
know I like that because sometimes like
the ending of Breaking Bad may be the
most satisfying ending of a great show
ever you know whereas like some people
did not like the ending of The Sopranos
you know and when you watch it again if
you do then it it's it's so much better
than the ending of The Sopranos if you
watch it a second time yeah okay
I'll take your word for that I'm not
even working it like you're plugging
their other shows congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it